Richard Ryan Wade
19106 Janet ave
Romeoville , IL  60445
(815)-520-6129
wade3381@gmail.com
rnkareialmeida@gmail.com 


Skills

FAA part 107 license: been a licensed drone pilot since July 28, 2022. I have used this to fly and take aerial photos of restate, inspections and creating short form videos for social media. 

Photoshop: been using photoshop for one year now. I have used to create posters for my company RnK Aerial Media, photo restoring/photo retouching. 

Lightroom: been using lightroom for one year now. I have used it to edit photos and other photography jobs my company gets. 

Basic knowledge of: java and python 


Experience
April 2023 - October 2023
Blue sky photography , CA - photographer
 At blue sky photography I was a real estate photographer based in IL around the chicago land area. I would get a job assigned to me. I would need to complete in the time frame specified by blue sky.
May 2023 - September 2023 
Storm guard, IL  - Drone pilot 
I was tasked with doing aerial inspections of roofs. Looking for evidence  of storm damage. I got a lot of experience flying in residential settings and being able to set up and take down my aircraft quickly and safely and be able to fly multiple inspections a day. On top of flying I was also tasked with canvassing to help generate more inspection when I was not flying.  
Storm guard proved the drone; mavic 2 pro. This company utilized love land imaging software.  

May 2016 - September 2020
Genoa kingston school district, IL  - janitor 
I was tasked with making sure the building was clean and ready for the next day. That involved  Dusting all hard surfaces, vacuum and mopping floors, wip down appliances, wiping down mirrors etc. 

front Desk Agent
Super 8 by Wyndham - Illinois
January 2023 to April 2023
In this job I worked the front desk at super8 Romeoville. Duties I had to attend to: cleaning up the breakfast in the morning, taking phone calls from company's and creating reversion, taking notes on daily events, and making sure the guest had everything they needed.


Ferrara candy company
Ferrara Candy Company - DeKalb, IL
May 2022 to August 2022
In this job I worked in a warehouse. have experience working with commercial trash compactors.    


Education
September 2020 - may - 2025 
Lewis University IL - unmanned aircraft systems
I study at Lewis University, which is ranked in the top 10 as one of the best aviation schools in the USA. I am majoring in Unmanned Aircraft Systems.  My UAS degree is a bachelors of sciences with a computer science concentrate.Within this major, we delve into the rising industry of drones. Lewis teaches us how to safely operate a UAV in a commercial setting. We take a wide range of classes that educate us on how diverse drones are. 

